fix: Improve offer documentation (#876)
Agoric/documentation: main/reference/zoe-api/zoe.md

```

## E(Zoe).offer(invitation, proposal?, paymentKeywordRecord?, offerArgs?)
- **invitation**: **[Invitation](./zoe-data-types.md#invitation) | Promise&lt;[Invitation](./zoe-data-types.md#invitation)>**
- **proposal**: **[Proposal](/glossary/#proposal)** - Optional.
- **paymentKeywordRecord**: **[PaymentKeywordRecord](./zoe-data-types.md#keywordrecord)** - Optional.

> - **offerArgs**: **[CopyRecord](/glossary/#passable)** - Optional.

Reviewer: comment: not having these kept in sync with agoric-sdk by machine is just maddening.

 - https://github.com/Agoric/agoric-sdk/issues/4291

Reviewer 2: > comment: not having these kept in sync with agoric-sdk by machine is just maddening

Indeed!

- Returns: **Promise&lt;[UserSeat](./user-seat.md)>**

Used to make an offer to the contract that created the **invitation**.

<a name="proposals-and-payments"></a>
### Proposals

**proposal** must be either `undefined` or a record with **give**, **want**, and/or **exit** properties
respectively expressing conditions regarding what assets will be given, what must be

> received in exchange, and an exit rule defining how/when the offer can be canceled.

Reviewer 3: ... what is being given, what must be received to satisfy offer safety, and an exit rule ...

I'd say "is being given" because zoe requires that the proposal match the payments, and the contract won't see the offer if they don't match. (and the invitation will be burned.

"what must be received to satisfy offer safety" because the user can want any arbitrary thing (subject to `want patterns` provided by the contract), and it's a valid offer. If the contract doesn't match the want, then the offer gets its give back.

Is there a reasonable place to describe `want patterns`? Do we talk about `makeInvitation` from the contract author's perspective?

Author: > ... what is being given, what must be received to satisfy offer safety, and an exit rule ...
> 
> I'd say "is being given" because zoe requires that the proposal match the payments, and the contract won't see the offer if they don't match. (and the invitation will be burned.
> 
> "what must be received to satisfy offer safety" because the user can want any arbitrary thing (subject to `want patterns` provided by the contract), and it's a valid offer. If the contract doesn't match the want, then the offer gets its give back.

Done.

> Is there a reasonable place to describe `want patterns`?

I'll defer on this question, although https://docs.agoric.com/reference/zoe-api/zoe-data-types.html and https://docs.agoric.com/guides/zoe/proposal.html seem like reasonable locations for followup.

> Do we talk about `makeInvitation` from the contract author's perspective?

It's mentioned at https://docs.agoric.com/reference/zoe-api/zoe-contract-facet.html#zcf-makeinvitation-offerhandler-description-customproperties-proposalshape and https://docs.agoric.com/guides/zoe/#writing-and-installing-a-contract , but they could go further.

Reviewer 2: We do not yet support want patterns. Looking forward to it though!

```js
const myProposal = harden({
  give: { Asset: AmountMath.make(quatloosBrand, 4n) },
  want: { Price: AmountMath.make(moolaBrand, 15n) },
  exit: { onDemand: null },
});
```

**give** and **want** use **[Keywords](./zoe-data-types.md#keyword)** defined by the contract.
In the example above, "Asset" and "Price" are the Keywords. However, in an auction contract,
the Keywords might be "Asset" and "Bid".

> **exit** specifies how the offer can be can cancelled. It must conform to one of three shapes:

Reviewer 3: It's worth mentioning that the contract can restrict the allowed exit clauses.

Author: Done.

- `{ onDemand: null }`: (Default) The offering party can cancel on demand.
- `{ waived: null }`: The offering party can't cancel and relies entirely on the smart contract to promptly finish their offer.
- `{ afterDeadline: deadlineDetails }`: The offer is automatically cancelled after a deadline,
  as determined by its **timer** and **deadline** properties.

>   **timer** must be a timer, and **deadline** must be a [BigInt](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/BigInt) value interpreted with respect to the timer.

Reviewer: deadline must be a bigint? I have recent experience using a `{ timerBrand, absValue }` record.

Reviewer 3: [deadline must be a bigInt](https://docs.agoric.com/reference/zoe-api/zoe.html#e-zoe-offer-invitation-proposal-paymentkeywordrecord-offerargs)

[TimerService also uses bigInts](https://docs.agoric.com/reference/repl/timerServices.html#timerservice-objects)

Reviewer: > deadline must be a bigInt

Well, those docs are wrong (which is somewhat inevitable until we sync them by machine https://github.com/Agoric/agoric-sdk/issues/4291). As I say, I have recent experience to the contrary. Plus, the code says otherwise:

```js
      afterDeadline: {
        timer: M.eref(TimerShape),
        deadline: TimestampShape,
      },
```
https://github.com/Agoric/agoric-sdk/blob/6d9ae67c57499d7139dfce019b8c76f9ecdb825f/packages/zoe/src/typeGuards.js#L82-L85

```js
export const TimestampShape = M.or(TimestampRecordShape, TimestampValueShape);
```
https://github.com/Agoric/agoric-sdk/blob/6d9ae67c57499d7139dfce019b8c76f9ecdb825f/packages/time/src/typeGuards.js#L17C1-L17C79

Author: Fixed.

  Some timers use Unix epoch time, while others count block height.
  For more details, see [Timer Services](/reference/repl/timerServices.md).

### Payments

> **paymentKeywordRecord** must be either `undefined` or a **[PaymentKeywordRecord](./zoe-data-types.md#keywordrecord)**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**paymentKeywordRecord** must be either `undefined` or a **[PaymentPKeywordRecord](./zoe-data-types.md#keywordrecord)**
```

https://github.com/Agoric/agoric-sdk/blob/0160e2fcb277340db2e3d25fca4c79af59b7e87c/packages/zoe/src/zoeService/types.js#L154

Reviewer 3: Looks like you're right. I consider [the typeGuards](https://github.com/Agoric/agoric-sdk/blob/0160e2fcb277340db2e3d25fca4c79af59b7e87c/packages/zoe/src/typeGuards.js#L323) definitive. Thanks for the correction.

Used to make an offer to the contract that created the **invitation**.

<a id="proposals-and-payments"></a>
### Proposals

**proposal** must be either `undefined` or a record with **give**, **want**, and/or **exit** properties
respectively expressing conditions regarding what is being given,
what is expected in exchange (protected by offer safety), and
an exit rule defining how/when the offer can be canceled.
Note that the contract is not obligated to accept the proposal;
it may inspect it and reject it for any reason
(in which case all payments will be returned promptly).

```js
const myProposal = harden({
  give: { Asset: AmountMath.make(quatloosBrand, 4n) },
  want: { Price: AmountMath.make(moolaBrand, 15n) },
  exit: { onDemand: null },
});
```

**give** and **want** use **[Keywords](./zoe-data-types.md#keyword)** defined by the contract.
In the example above, "Asset" and "Price" are the Keywords. However, in an auction contract,
the Keywords might be "Asset" and "Bid".

**exit** specifies how the offer can be cancelled. It must conform to one of three shapes:
- `{ onDemand: null }`: (Default) The offering party can cancel on demand.

> - `{ waived: null }`: The offering party can't cancel and relies entirely on the smart contract to promptly finish their offer.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `{ waived: null }`: The offering party can't cancel and relies entirely on the smart contract to complete (finish or fail) their offer.
```

- `{ afterDeadline: deadlineDetails }`: The offer is automatically cancelled after a deadline,
  as determined by its **timer** and **deadline** properties.
  **timer** must be a timer, and **deadline** must be timestamp understood by it.
  (Some timers use Unix epoch time, while others count block height.)
  For more details, see [Timer Services](/reference/repl/timerServices.md).

### Payments

> **paymentKeywordRecord** must be either `undefined` or a **[PaymentPKeywordRecord](./zoe-data-types.md#keywordrecord)**

Reviewer 2: Can we rename this to... ?

```suggestion
**paymentPKeywordRecord** must be either `undefined` or a **[PaymentPKeywordRecord](./zoe-data-types.md#keywordrecord)**
```

containing the actual **payments** to be escrowed by Zoe.
Every **Keyword** in **give** must also have a corresponding **payment**.

```js
const paymentKeywordRecord = harden({
  Asset: quatloosPayment,
  Price: moolaPayment,
});
```

<a href="offerargs"></a>
### Offer Arguments

> **offerArgs** is an object that can be used to pass additional arguments to the

Reviewer 2: How about... ?

```suggestion
**offerArgs** is an optional CopyRecord that can be used to pass additional arguments to the
```
